# Hospital-management-system-
The project Hospital Management system includes registration of patients, storing their details into the system, and also computerized billing in the pharmacy, and labs. Thesoftware has the facility to give a unique id for every patient and stores the details of every patient and the staff automatically. It includes a search facility to know the currentstatus of each room. User can search availability of a doctor and the details of a patient using theid.The Hospital Management System can be entered using a username and password. It isaccessible either by an administrator or receptionist. Only they can add data into thedatabase. The data can be retrieved easily. The interface is very user-friendly. The dataare well protected for personal use and makes the data processing very fast.Hospital Management System is powerful, flexible, and easy to use and is designed anddeveloped to deliver real conceivable benefits to hospitals. Hospital Management System is designed for multispeciality hospitals, to cover a wide range of hospital administration and management processes. It is an integrated end-to- end Hospital Management System that provides relevant information across the hospital to support effective decision making for patient care, hospital administration and critical financial accounting, in aseamless flow.Hospital Management System is a software product suite designed to improve the quality and management of hospital management in the areas of clinical process analysisand activity-based costing. Hospital Management System enables you to develop yourorganization and improve its effectiveness and quality of work. Managing the keyprocesses efficiently is critical to the success of the hospital helps you manage yourprocesses.
